it is 6 pm we are near here
committee of the Easter mayor candidate
san martino despite the counting not
is still definitive from the seats arrive
comforting news for the same san
martino that at this point will be next
to the office of mayor in the municipality
by castel san giorgio after five years
administration by francesco
long in the same bag as giorgio has
preferred change
if I think so because in fact
let's say the start was a bit harsh
because in the end we started off
with a very high initial handicap then
the election campaign ours
program clarity and above all
in short, we have adopted a style
during the campaign card
electoral especially as I said the
clarity of the program and in other words
let's say the seal
let's say list determination
number 2 with five years of
administration is poor in short has us
given the over for an almost sure victory
in short, we are still a few few
thousands, in other words, about 800 cards out of 9300
in other words, they are 300 votes ahead
yes it is assumed to be a victory
almost sure which will be the first one
objective of his administration
me during the electoral campaign or
however practically beaten on
security especially of the roads that
in the last few years they have
practically they were completely
abandoned for which we have been
colander included insecure
I was part of the administration
donated and I have been councilor since 2005
2010 where we started a program
of roundabouts on all intersections anymore
dangerous and this had to be then
completed in the second we say the
according to which the web
unfortunately there was a bit in short
let's say on that occasion a second
me a bad interpretation of the former
five years of administration for which
we went to the opposition then in
these years we say we have
in short, a good good one
opposition that you say
especially talking to people is
been close to the people and knowing i
people problems
so the first thing we will do
especially let's say
the other important thing is the short one
now in the arrangement of the bills
that is, all taxes arrived
municipal are at most own
more Italian than that you ca n't 15
in short, we will aim the resolution
especially of the bills of the
waste and gori and methane because we should
go and negotiate a little with them
on this the first stages of the first hundred
days the first hundred days like the
I said the safety of the
roads that the first thing then
practically we would like to step into
on the social forward with a warm step
for all a project that we already have in
head and then we will develop briefly
time because the situation we say to
castel san giorgio as I think a little
everywhere and degraded by social cleanliness
in the economic sense of the word
clearly for which there are many
families that can't even
put the case the so-called
missal for which we will provide us with one
hot canteen and a meal at home for
all this women first things
then again I said as I said
we will hand the bills to the san
george services for companies as a
strengthening services and trying to
in other words, to avoid those that are
cooperatives that have not borne fruit
absolutely to castel san giorgio have
have created only conclusion is a
bandwagon we say political type e
nothing else is enough